it's bad right what is happening is bad
and it's going to get worse and the
reason I know that is because as I've
been speaking about from the beginning
in the last three years there's been a
massive transfer of cash from the
government to the rich the rich are
still sitting on that money they will
use that money to buy their assets from
the middle class to drive up things like
house prices to drive up things like
stock prices which makes the rich richer
and makes it harder for middle class
people to move up
so we know the middle class will shrink
we know life will continue to become
more unaffordable for ordinary people we
know these things will happen and we
know there's no mechanism to reverse
that because once the rich get richer
they buy more assets from the middle
class middle class gets poorer which
means that the rate
of inequality increasing increases more
because the middle class has less assets
and which has more assets so
we know things will get worse and
ultimately at the end of the day
the speed at which life is getting worse
now
people are not going to accept it